---
title: "Tuesday, February  1, 2022"
date: 2022-02-01T05:47:00-05:00
lastmod: 2022-02-01T17:10:10-05:00
slug: 2022-02-01
draft: false
weight: 1
---

☀️ Clear +27°F

My Linux experiment continues, now that I've figured out how to process the Q2M files in Darktable. Printing sucks, I can tell you that. But, there's something about using Linux that makes me feel free. <mark>I'm not beholden to anyone</mark>. No single entity can suddenly pull the rug out from under me. That's comforting, somehow. Everything is mine to do with as I please. This is both a blessing and a curse.

I just bought a decked-out MacBook Pro (M1 Pro Max) and yet I'm writing this on a 2015 ThinkPad.

I got so tired of <mark>logging books</mark> that I just stopped reading. There, fixed!

Navel gazing as high art.

I read various <mark>Leica forums</mark> pretty regularly. I've learned which threads to avoid. For example: Is the M10 the last "Real" Leica?. Oh FFS.

> Things I want to do are strange, simple, and unprofitable
> <cite>Paul Ford</cite>

Too many of us spend way too much time trying to save a handful of keystrokes.

I wouldn't need better window management if I didn't have so many windows to manage.

~~Virtue signaling with~~ Listening to some Neal Young on Apple Music this morning.

"Is this hotel pager friendly? I'm not gettin' a sig on my beeper."

I must admit that a compelling reason to switch to Linux is that I could stop paying attention to Apple-related news and speculation, which is _everywhere_ and has become boring as hell.

[//]: # "Exported with love from a post written in Org mode"
[//]: # "- https://github.com/kaushalmodi/ox-hugo"
