---
title: "Monday, January 17, 2022"
date: 2022-01-17T04:34:00-05:00
lastmod: 2022-01-17T10:08:05-05:00
slug: 2022-01-17
draft: false
weight: 0
---

☀️   Clear +19°F

What do I get in return for all the time and thought I put into taking notes? I
mean, I put a _lot_ of thought into it. What's in it for me? For example, I've been
meticulously recording my meals since December. I can tell you how many times I
ate fast food or had pancakes for breakfast. Big whoop! There is almost zero
lingering value in doing it other than that it's neat. Is "neat" enough to
justify the effort it took to set up the logging process and the ongoing effort
of recording every meal? It's fun to set up, but if I'm honest, it's not useful.
I don't need more excuses to play with my note-taking tools. I should stop
doing it.

> It doesn’t need to replace everything else to win. It just needs to exist.
>
> <cite>[The computer built to last 50 years | ploum.net](https://ploum.net/the-computer-built-to-last-50-years/)</cite>

SL had the same reaction as me when to trying to use an iPad as a mobile computer:

> The experience sucked. Replacing a general purpose computer with a jacked-up surveillance sensor package is not my idea of solving the problem of mobile computing.
>
> <cite>[How I Switched To Plan 9](http://helpful.cat-v.org/Blog/2019/12/03/0/)</cite>

All wireless things stop working eventually. Usually before their expiration dates.

It's so prevalent that it mostly goes unnoticed, but the entire internet is a cacophony of people and companies yelling, "Please engage with me!"

[//]: # "Exported with love from a post written in Org mode"
[//]: # "- https://github.com/kaushalmodi/ox-hugo"
